Add <ClientState /> component (#888)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/integrations/v2/integrations-docs-mdx/component-catalog/input-components.mdx

- `checked` - the default state of the Checkbox, either `"true"` or `"false"`

If the user checks the Checkbox, or allows it to remain in the checked state from default, `clientState` will have a field with the name defined in the `Checkbox` component with the value as `true`.

### ClientState

> The ClientState component keeps the client's state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ClientState component allows to store a set of client state and retrieve it back with an action.
This is similar to a `<Input />` component, but the value is set in the server side and it's not visible to user.
```

```jsx

> <ClientState key="value" key2="value2" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ClientState key1="value1" key2="value2" />
```

```

> When the UIHook will be called again, it will contain the following in `payload.clientState`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client state is available in the `payload.clientState`, when the user triggers an action. (i.e. By clicking a button)
```

```json
{

>   "key": "value",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "key1": "value1",
```

- `checked` - the default state of the Checkbox, either `"true"` or `"false"`

If the user checks the Checkbox, or allows it to remain in the checked state from default, `clientState` will have a field with the name defined in the `Checkbox` component with the value as `true`.

### ClientState

> The ClientState component allows to store a set of client state and retrieve it back with an action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ClientState component allows you to store the current client state and retrieve it when required with an action.
```

> This is similar to a `<Input />` component, but the value is set in the server side and it's not visible to user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is similar to an `<Input />` component, except the value is set on the server side and is not visible to user.
```

```jsx
<ClientState key1="value1" key2="value2" />
```

> This client state is available in the `payload.clientState`, when the user triggers an action. (i.e. By clicking a button)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above example, client state can be accessed at `payload.clientState` when the user triggers an action, for example, when clicking a button.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Below is an example showing the format of the `clientState` object:

```
